The imperial capital Qin family really lives up to its reputation
Hahaha, Mr. Xiao is his fiancée
I really envy others
Wang just now
How much do you offend Mr. Xiao?
Please raise your hand, Mr. Xiao
How much time do you have to return to Mr. Qin?
One more minute is enough.
As of now
There are 50 seconds left until Mr. Xiao said 3 minutes
Now, immediately.
Immediately destroy the thirty-third family of Qingzhou for me
Something big happened to Mr. Wang
The group is about to go bankrupt
Pardon me?
How could this be?
Uh-huh.
Bankrupt, how could this be?
Will this be the case?
Ah, the danger of the landlord group
Sweep the whole Qingzhou
No wonder you are so defiant
I, Wang He Ren Zai
You win Ren Zai
The life and wealth of the 33rd family of Ren Zai Qingzhou
Now it's in my hidden eyes
If you are willing to give all your property
All under the name of Mr. Xiao
I can spare your lives for now.
Submit, Mr. Shaw. Submit
Mr. Xiao wishes the future Mr. Xiao